 ---
 layout: page
 toc: true
 meeting_time: July 18th, 2024 17:00 UTC
 title: Minutes 2024-07-18
 ---

# Minutes

Thurs 2024-07-18 17:00 UTC @ https://matrix.to/#/#cpansec-discussion:matrix.org

https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20240718T170000&p1=1440&p2=1129&p3=195&p4=16&p5=136&p6=187&p7=233&p8=37&p9=250&p10=234&p11=256&p12=248


## Attendees
1. @sjn
1. @timlegge
1. @Tux
1. Stuart
1. @leont

## Regrets
1. @stigtsp
1. @book
1. @garu

## Absents


## Topics

### Introduction to Stuart

1. What/Who are we
1. What is out scope
1. Working groups
1. Work in progress

### Use something else than Slack for meetings
- Any issues continuing to use Element/[Matrix], which uses Jitsi.
- This was the second meet on Element/[Matrix]/Jitsi, and it worked very well

### CPANminus

No updates

### CNA process is initiated with Mitre

- @timlegge has written up an initial CNA disclosure but it needs more work - hoppefully this week

### TLS/HTTPS in core
1. Options documented
1. Currently only opensssl
1. Should have more ssl backends
1. licensing is a concern - may need someone familiar with licensing to discuss
1. @sjn will reach out to some legal

### German Sovereign Tech fund is open for applications
1. A meeting occurred
1. Spreadsheet setup as a WIP
1. Olaf is looking at some things as well
1. OpenSSF fund specific for internet infrastructure
1. Level of funding and things to push it forward looking at a 500K ask
1. Initial funding is an evaluation activity
1. Stuart has drafted an application in the past for the Sovereign tech fund - needs to be specific to meeting their goals -
1. Abount 2B$ available in Europe for opensource
1. CPAN admins are the worlds experts on this area
1. @sjn needs some assitance on the importance of the tasks and the "boringness" of the items

### Secure by Default
1. No progress/updates

### Eclipse ORC WG
1. @sjn – Attended CRA Intro meeting. Will share video recording once it's published
1. WG is focused on the impact of EU standards and processes on OpenSource
1. Currently Perl foundation is not a member

### CycloneDX 1.7 Sustainability fields
1. @sjn – No progress

### CPAN Meta Requirements and PURLs
1. @sjn – No progress

### POSIX::2008 vulnerabilities
1. No news

### SBOM/Supply Chain
1. @sjn – Added a simplified SC graph that includes a OSS Steward role. Worked also on simplifying and cleaning up errors
1. Clean ups
1. It needs some reading from the community - especially CPANsec
1. Some role specific guidance would help as well as simplification of the documentation
1. @garu also wants to work on modules to do SBOM
1. @ovids SBOM CycloneDX parser is still out there

## Upcoming Events

Outreach is important and needs to continue
1. [PostgreSQL Lowlands 2024 NL](https://kangaroot.net/events/pg-day-lowlands-2024-nl) - Fri 13 Sep 2024 - 
1. [Open Source Summit Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-europe/) in Vienna, Austria - September 16-18 + 19-20 - Lots of people from OpenSSF + SBOM + Supply chain security communities
1. [London Perl Workshop](https://act.yapc.eu/lpw2024/) - Saturday 26th October 2024 - possible talk opportunities

## Other topics

## Next meeting
1. Aug 1, 2024 at 17:00 UTC
https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20240801T170000&p1=1440&p2=1129&p3=136&p4=195&p5=16&p6=187&p7=233&p8=37&p9=250&p10=234&p11=256&p12=248
